src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:6:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Arco
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flechas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flechas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longitudArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:26:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'pesoArma'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:32:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fuerzaArma()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:35:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'MostrarInfo()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:39:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'escribirArma(Writer)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arco.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:10:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Arma
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'idArma' may be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'ColeccionArmas' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:18:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longitudArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pesoArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:24:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'idSiguienteArma' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:24:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Arma': 'idSiguienteArma' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pesoArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longitudArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:72:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'MostrarInfo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:92:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:98:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:99:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'arma' is never used (overwritten on line 104)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:102:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:106:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:109:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:116:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nombreArma' is never used (overwritten on line 121)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:117:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pesoArma' is never used (overwritten on line 123)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'longitudArma' is never used (overwritten on line 125)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:122:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:124:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:128:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Armatemp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:129:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:132:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:135:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ArmaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastArma' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:149:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastArma' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:154:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastArma' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:159:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:166:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ArmaBorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ArmaBorrar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:170:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:179:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'NombreArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'NombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:179:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ArmaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:184:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'EditarArma(Arma)' has a cognitive complexity of 22, current threshold is 15
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'EditarArma(Arma)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ArmaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ArmaEditar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:192:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'EditarArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:196:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:198:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:199:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:199:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:199:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:204:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:204:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:205:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:206:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:209:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:212:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:219:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:221:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:222:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:222:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:222:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:227:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:228:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:229:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:229:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:230:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:233:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:235:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:235:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:236:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:239:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:240:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:241:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:241:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:242:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:245:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:246:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'comprobar' is never used (overwritten on line 253)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:249:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:249:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:249:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:250:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastArma' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Arma.java:251:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastArma' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.text.DateFormat'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.text.ParseException'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Calendar'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:14:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=47, ATFD=34, TCC=23.377%)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:14:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'idBatalla' may be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like idSiguienteBatalla
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'ColeccionBatallas' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:24:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:24:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercito1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercito2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lugarDeBatalla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercitoGanador' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercito1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercito2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lugarDeBatalla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:80:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'idSiguienteBatalla' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:80:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Batalla': 'idSiguienteBatalla' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:84:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method called during object construction: Batalla.setFecha(int, int, int) 
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:91:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'MostrarInfo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:92:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:101:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:103:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito1Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:103:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito1Id' is never used (overwritten on line 116)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:103:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'Ejercito1Id'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito2Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:105:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:105:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'ReinoId' is never used (overwritten on line 126)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:106:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reino' is never used (overwritten on line 127)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:107:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:107:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito1' is never used (overwritten on line 117)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:108:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:108:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito2' is never used (overwritten on line 122)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:110:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'day' is never used (overwritten on line 132)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:111:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'month' is never used (overwritten on line 134)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:112:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'year' is never used (overwritten on line 136)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:115:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:116:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'Ejercito1Id' is never used
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:130:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:131:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:133:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:135:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:140:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batallatemp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:140:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Batallatemp' is never used (overwritten on line 142)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:154:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:154:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'BatallaBorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'BatallaBorrar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:158:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:167:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'IdBatalla' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'IdBatalla' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:167:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarBatalla' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:172:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'day' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'month' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:180:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarBatalla2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:182:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'fechaTemp'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:184:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:186:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:187:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:188:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:191:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:200:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:200:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'BatallaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'BatallaEditar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:200:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'EditarBatalla' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:202:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito1Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:202:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito1Id' is never used (overwritten on line 225)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:203:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito2Id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:203:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito2Id' is never used (overwritten on line 232)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:204:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:204:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'ReinoId' is never used (overwritten on line 239)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:205:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reino' is never used (overwritten on line 240)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:206:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:206:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito1' is never used (overwritten on line 226)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:207:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:207:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercito2' is never used (overwritten on line 233)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:208:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'lugarDeBatallaId'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:209:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'day' is never used (overwritten on line 247)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:210:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'month' is never used (overwritten on line 249)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:211:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'year' is never used (overwritten on line 251)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:214:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:215:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:217:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:218:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:218:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:218:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:222:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:224:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:229:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:231:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:236:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:238:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:244:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:246:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:250:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:261:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:261:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'FuerzaEjercito1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastCapitan' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:268:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastCapitan' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getReinoNacimiento` on foreign value `CastCapitan` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:278:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastCapitan' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:278:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastCapitan' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:279:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'inmune' is never used (overwritten on line 280)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:279:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'inmune'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:280:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:280:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'inmune' is never used
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:295:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:295:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'FuerzaEjercito2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastCapitan' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:302:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastCapitan' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getReinoNacimiento` on foreign value `CastCapitan` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:312:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastCapitan' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:312:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastCapitan' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:313:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'inmune' is never used (overwritten on line 314)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:313:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'inmune'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:314:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:314:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'inmune' is never used
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:330:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:330:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'ResultadoBatalla' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:331:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'calculoFinal'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'calculoEj1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'calculoEj2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:337:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:340:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:341:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:345:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:350:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:356:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:356:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:356:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:358:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:358:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Batalla.java:377:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inmuneALaLuz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'escalaRaza' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'armaPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edadPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'escalaRaza' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inmuneALaLuz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombrePersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:40:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:45:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fuerzaPersonaje()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:46:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:46:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:46:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:48:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'MostrarInfo()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:52:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'escribirPersonaje(Writer)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CaminanteBlanco.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:3:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: This utility class has a non-private constructor
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:6:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:6:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'CargarDatos' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:6:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'CargarDatos()' has a NCSS line count of 509.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:9:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:9:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:10:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:11:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:12:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:13:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:14:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:15:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:16:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco8' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:17:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco9' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:18:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco10' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:19:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:20:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco12' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:21:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco13' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco14' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:22:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco14' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco15' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:23:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco15' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco16' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:24:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco16' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco17' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:25:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco17' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco18' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:26:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco18' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco19' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:27:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco19' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco20' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:28:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco20' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco21' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:29:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco21' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco22' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:30:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco22' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco23' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:31:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco23' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco24' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:32:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco24' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco25' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:33:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco25' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco26' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:34:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco26' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco27' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:35:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco27' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco28' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:36:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco28' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco29' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:37:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco29' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco30' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:38:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco30' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco31' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:39:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco31' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Arco32' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:40:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Arco32' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:41:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:42:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:43:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:44:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:45:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:46:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:47:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:48:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha8' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:49:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha9' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:50:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha10' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:51:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:52:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha12' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:53:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha13' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha14' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:54:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha14' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha15' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:55:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha15' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha16' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:56:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha16' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha17' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:57:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha17' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha18' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:58:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha18' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha19' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:59:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha19' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha20' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:60:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha20' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha21' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:61:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha21' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha22' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:62:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha22' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha23' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:63:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha23' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha24' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:64:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha24' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha25' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:65:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha25' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha26' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:66:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha26' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha27' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:67:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha27' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha28' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:68:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha28' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha29' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:69:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha29' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Hacha30' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:70:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Hacha30' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:71:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:72:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:73:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:74:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:75:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:76:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:77:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:78:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada8' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:79:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada9' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:80:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada10' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:81:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:82:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada12' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:83:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada13' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada14' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:84:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada14' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada15' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:85:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada15' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada16' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:86:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada16' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada17' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:87:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada17' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada18' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:88:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada18' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada19' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:89:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada19' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada20' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:90:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada20' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada21' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:91:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada21' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada22' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:92:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada22' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada23' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:93:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada23' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada24' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:94:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada24' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada25' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:95:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada25' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada26' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:96:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada26' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada27' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:97:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada27' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada28' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:98:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada28' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Espada29' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:99:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Espada29' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:103:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:105:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:106:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:107:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:108:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:109:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:110:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:112:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:113:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:114:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:115:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:116:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:117:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:118:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:119:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado8' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:120:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado9' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:121:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado10' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:122:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino1Soldado12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:123:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino1Soldado12' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:124:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:125:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado12' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:126:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado13' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado14' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:127:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado14' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado15' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:128:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado15' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado16' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:129:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado16' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado17' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:130:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado17' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado18' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:131:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado18' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado19' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:132:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado19' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino2Soldado20' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:133:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino2Soldado20' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado21' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:134:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado21' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado22' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:135:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado22' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado23' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:136:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado23' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado24' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:137:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado24' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado25' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:138:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado25' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado26' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:139:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado26' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado27' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:140:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado27' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado28' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:141:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado28' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado29' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:142:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado29' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino3Soldado30' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:143:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino3Soldado30' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado31' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:144:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado31' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado32' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:145:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado32' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado33' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:146:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado33' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado34' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:147:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado34' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado35' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:148:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado35' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado36' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:149:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado36' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado37' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:150:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado37' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado38' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:151:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado38' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado39' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:152:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado39' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino4Soldado40' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:153:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino4Soldado40' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado41' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:154:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado41' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado42' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:155:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado42' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado43' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:156:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado43' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado44' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:157:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado44' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado45' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:158:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado45' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado46' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:159:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado46' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado47' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:160:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado47' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado48' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:161:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado48' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado49' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:162:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado49' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino5Soldado50' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:163:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino5Soldado50' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado51' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:164:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado51' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado52' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:165:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado52' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado53' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:166:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado53' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado54' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:167:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado54' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado55' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:168:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado55' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado56' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:169:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado56' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado57' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:170:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado57' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado58' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:171:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado58' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado59' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:172:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado59' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino6Soldado60' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:173:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino6Soldado60' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado61' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:174:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado61' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado62' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:175:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado62' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado63' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:176:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado63' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado64' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:177:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado64' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado65' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:178:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado65' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado66' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:179:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado66' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado67' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:180:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado67' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado68' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:181:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado68' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado69' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:182:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado69' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Reino7Soldado70' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:183:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reino7Soldado70' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado71' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:184:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado71' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:184:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado71
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado72' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:185:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado72' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:185:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado72
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado73' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:186:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado73' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:186:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado73
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado74' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:187:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado74' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:187:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado74
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado75' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:188:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado75' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:188:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado75
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado76' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:189:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado76' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:189:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado76
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado77' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:190:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado77' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:190:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado77
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado78' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:191:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado78' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:191:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado78
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado79' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:192:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado79' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:192:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado79
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado80' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:193:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado80' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:193:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado80
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado81' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:194:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado81' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:194:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado81
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado82' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:195:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado82' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:195:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado82
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado83' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:196:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado83' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:196:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado83
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado84' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:197:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado84' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:197:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado84
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado85' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:198:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado85' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:198:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado85
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado86' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:199:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado86' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:199:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado86
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado87' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:200:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado87' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:200:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado87
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado88' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:201:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado88' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:201:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado88
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado89' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:202:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado89' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:202:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado89
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CaminanteSoldado90' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:203:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CaminanteSoldado90' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:203:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CaminanteSoldado90
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:399:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:400:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:400:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:401:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:401:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:402:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:402:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:403:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:403:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:404:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:404:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:405:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:405:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito7' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:406:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:406:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito8' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Ejercito9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:407:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercito9' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:428:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:431:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:435:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:441:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:443:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:445:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:446:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:448:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:450:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:455:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:456:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:459:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:467:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:469:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:472:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:473:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:476:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:478:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:479:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:480:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:482:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:485:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:487:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:489:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:490:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:492:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:497:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:498:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:501:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:502:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito8` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:506:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:509:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionSoldados` on foreign value `Ejercito9` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:515:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino1` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:517:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:518:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino2` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:519:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino3` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:520:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino4` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino5` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:525:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:526:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino6` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:527:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:528:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Access to field `ColeccionReinosFronterizos` on foreign value `Reino7` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:531:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:534:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:537:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:537:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:540:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:540:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:543:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:543:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:546:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Batalla6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/CargaDeDatos.java:546:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Batalla6' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:8:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'idEjercito' may be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:12:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like idSiguienteEjercito
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'ColeccionSoldados' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:15:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'ColeccionEjercitos' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ColeccionEjercitos
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:16:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:23:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'NombreEjercito' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'NombreEjercito' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'capitan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'capitan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreEjercito' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:42:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'idSiguienteEjercito' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:42:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Ejercito': 'idSiguienteEjercito' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreEjercito' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:49:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'idSiguienteEjercito' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:49:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Ejercito': 'idSiguienteEjercito' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:55:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'FuerzaGlobal' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:60:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'MostrarInfo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:61:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:65:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:68:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:78:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'EjercitoBorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'EjercitoBorrar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:82:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:91:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'IdEjercito' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'IdEjercito' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:91:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarEjercito' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ejercitoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:106:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:108:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nombreEjercito' is never used (overwritten on line 113)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:109:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'capitanId' is never used (overwritten on line 116)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:110:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Capitan' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:112:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:115:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:118:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Ejercitotemp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Ejercitotemp' is never used (overwritten on line 119)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:125:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:125:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'EjercitoEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'EjercitoEditar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:125:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'EditarEjercito' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:127:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'capitanId' is never used (overwritten on line 147)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:128:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'capitan' is never used (overwritten on line 148)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:129:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:130:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:132:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:133:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:133:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:137:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:138:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:139:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:143:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:156:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'AnadirSoldado(Ejercito)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ejercito' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:156:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'AnadirSoldado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:160:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:161:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:161:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeABuscar2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:162:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'PersonajeABuscar2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Soldado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:163:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Soldado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:169:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:173:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: This if statement could be combined with its parent
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getReinoNacimiento` on foreign value `(GuerreroHumano) Soldado` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:174:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:180:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:181:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:185:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:186:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Call to `getCapitan` on foreign value `ejercito` (degree 1)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:191:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:200:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:200:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'EjercitoPadre' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'EjercitoPadre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:200:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BorrarSoldado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:204:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:204:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'SoldadoABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:205:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'SoldadoABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Soldadonuevo' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:206:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Soldadonuevo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:207:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:213:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:213:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'EjercitoPadre' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'EjercitoPadre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'SoldadoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:222:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'soldadoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:233:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:233:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:233:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Ejercito.java:254:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longitudArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:6:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'pesoArma'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:11:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fuerzaArma()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:14:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'MostrarInfo()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Espada.java:15:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Date'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:6:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: This utility class has a non-private constructor
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'statText' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:13:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:13:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:14:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this OutputStreamWriter object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'osw' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:15:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedWriter object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'w' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ArmaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:46:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ArmaTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:56:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:56:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:56:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:57:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:57:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ObjectOutputStream object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GestionFicheros.java:61:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'armaPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edadPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expGuerra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombrePersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reinoNacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reinoNacimiento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expGuerra' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:47:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:53:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fuerzaPersonaje()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:57:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'MostrarInfo()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:61:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'escribirPersonaje(Writer)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/GuerreroHumano.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'longitudArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreArma' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:7:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'pesoArma'.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:13:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fuerzaArma()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:14:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:16:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'MostrarInfo()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Hacha.java:17:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:7:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Menu
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: This utility class has a non-private constructor
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'Menu()' has a cognitive complexity of 81, current threshold is 15
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'Menu()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 54.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'Menu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	MethodWithSameNameAsEnclosingClass:	MethodWithSameNameAsEnclosingClass: A method should not have the same name as its containing class
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:8:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'Menu()' has a NCSS line count of 423.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:10:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:10:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'read' is never used (overwritten on line 12)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:13:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Seleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:13:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Seleccion' is never used (overwritten on line 25)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:16:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:17:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:18:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:19:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:26:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:26:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:28:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuArmas' is never used (overwritten on line 39)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "\n\n***************************\n\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:32:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " Que va a Realizar..." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:33:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:37:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:38:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:43:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Presione cualquier tecla para continuar." appears 32 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:43:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:44:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:44:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:50:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:50:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:54:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:55:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:55:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'armaABorrar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:59:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:59:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:63:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:64:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c5
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'armaAEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:68:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:68:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c6
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:73:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:73:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c7
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'armaABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Armaencontrada' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:75:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Armaencontrada' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:82:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:82:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:86:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Selecciono Volver Atras." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:93:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuPersonajes' is never used (overwritten on line 104)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:99:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:100:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:101:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:102:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:103:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:108:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:109:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:109:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:114:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:115:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:115:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:115:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:119:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:120:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:120:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'personajeABorrar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:123:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:124:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:124:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:128:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:129:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:129:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:129:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c5
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeAEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:130:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'PersonajeAEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:132:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:133:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:133:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c6
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:137:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:138:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:138:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c7
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:139:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'PersonajeABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeEncontrado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:140:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'PersonajeEncontrado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:140:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PersonajeEncontrado
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:144:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:147:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:147:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:147:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:151:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:157:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuReinos' is never used (overwritten on line 171)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:159:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:160:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:161:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:162:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:163:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:166:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:167:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:168:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:169:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:170:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:175:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:176:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:176:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:176:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:181:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:182:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:182:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:186:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:187:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:187:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:187:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABorrar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:188:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:190:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:191:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:191:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:195:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:196:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:196:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:196:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c5
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoAEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:197:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoAEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:199:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:200:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:200:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:200:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c6
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:204:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:205:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:205:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:205:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c7
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:206:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoEncontrado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:207:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoEncontrado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:211:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:214:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:214:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:214:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:218:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:219:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:219:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c9
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:220:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoEncontrado2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:221:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoEncontrado2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:224:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:224:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:228:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:229:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:229:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:230:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoEncontrado3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:231:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoEncontrado3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:233:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:234:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:234:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:238:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:239:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:239:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:239:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:240:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoEncontrado4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:241:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoEncontrado4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:245:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:251:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuEjercitos' is never used (overwritten on line 265)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:253:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:254:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:255:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:256:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:257:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:258:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:259:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:260:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:261:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:262:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:263:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:264:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:269:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:270:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:270:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:270:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:275:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:276:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:276:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:276:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:280:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:281:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:281:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:281:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoABorrar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:282:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoABorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:284:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:285:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:285:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:285:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:289:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:290:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:290:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:290:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c5
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoAEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:291:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoAEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:293:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:294:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:294:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:294:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c6
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:298:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:299:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:299:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c7
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:300:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoEncontrado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:301:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoEncontrado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:301:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EjercitoEncontrado
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:305:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:307:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:308:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:308:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:308:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:312:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:313:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:313:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:313:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c9
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoABuscar2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:314:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoABuscar2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoEncontrado2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:315:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoEncontrado2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:315:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EjercitoEncontrado2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:317:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:318:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:318:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:322:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:323:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoABuscar3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:324:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoABuscar3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoEncontrado3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:325:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoEncontrado3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:325:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EjercitoEncontrado3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:327:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:328:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:328:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:332:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:333:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:333:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c13' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoABuscar4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:334:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoABuscar4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'EjercitoEncontrado4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:335:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'EjercitoEncontrado4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:335:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EjercitoEncontrado4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:339:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:345:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuBatallas' is never used (overwritten on line 357)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:347:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:348:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:349:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:350:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:351:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:352:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:353:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:354:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:355:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:356:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:361:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:362:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:362:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:362:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:367:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:368:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:368:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:368:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:368:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:372:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:373:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:373:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:373:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:373:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaABorrar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:374:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BatallaABorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:376:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:377:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:377:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c4' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:377:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c4
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:381:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:382:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:382:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:382:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c5' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:382:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c5
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:383:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaAEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:383:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BatallaAEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:385:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:386:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:386:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c6' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:386:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c6
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:390:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:391:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:391:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c7' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:391:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c7
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:392:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BatallaABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaEncontrado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:393:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BatallaEncontrado' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:397:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:399:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:400:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:400:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:400:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c8' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:400:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c8
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:404:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:406:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:407:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:407:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c9' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:407:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c9
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'day' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:410:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:411:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:411:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:411:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c10' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:412:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'month' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:414:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:415:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:415:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:415:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c11' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:416:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'year' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BatallaEncontrado2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:418:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BatallaEncontrado2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:418:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BatallaEncontrado2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:422:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:424:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:425:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:425:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:425:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c12' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:429:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:436:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'menuDatos' is never used (overwritten on line 444)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:438:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:439:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:440:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:441:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:442:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:443:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:448:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:449:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:449:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:449:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:449:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:454:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:455:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:455:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:455:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:455:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Menu.java:459:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:9:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=50, ATFD=13, TCC=12.381%)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:13:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'idPersonaje' may be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:14:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'IdSiguientePersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like IdSiguientePersonaje
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:18:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'ColeccionPersonajes' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ColeccionPersonajes
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:18:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'armaPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edadPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombrePersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:24:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'IdSiguientePersonaje' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:24:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Personaje': 'IdSiguientePersonaje' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombrePersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edadPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'armaPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:64:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'MostrarInfo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:65:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'crearPersonaje()' has a cognitive complexity of 20, current threshold is 15
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:65:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'crearPersonaje()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 14.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:67:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:68:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'TipoDePersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:68:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'TipoDePersonaje' is never used (overwritten on line 72)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:70:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:76:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'expGuerra' is never used (overwritten on line 97)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:77:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'escalaRaza' is never used (overwritten on line 120)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:78:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nombrePersonaje' is never used (overwritten on line 85)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:80:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reinoNacimientoId' is never used (overwritten on line 106)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:81:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'edadPersonaje' is never used (overwritten on line 87)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:84:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'armaPersonaje' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:91:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Personajetemp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:93:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ListaReinos' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:105:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:119:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:124:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:126:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:126:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'Personajetemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastPersonaje' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:141:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastPersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CastPersonaje' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:146:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CastPersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:153:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'PersonajeBorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'PersonajeBorrar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:157:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:166:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'IdPersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'IdPersonaje' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:166:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarPersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'PersonajeTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'EditarPersonaje(Personaje)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'EditarPersonaje(Personaje)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'PersonajeEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'PersonajeEditar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:179:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'EditarPersonaje' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:183:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:186:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:186:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:186:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:190:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:191:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:192:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:193:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:196:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:199:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:202:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:205:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:212:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:214:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:215:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:215:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:215:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:219:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:220:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:220:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:221:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:222:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:225:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:228:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:231:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:234:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:245:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:245:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Personaje.java:263:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:11:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'idReino' may be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:15:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'ColeccionReinosFronterizos' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ColeccionReinosFronterizos
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:15:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:16:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'ColeccionReinos' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:16:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by a diamond: `new HashSet<>()`
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreReino' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'casaDuena' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'casaDuena' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nombreReino' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:51:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'idSiguienteReino' in a constructor.
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:51:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary qualifier 'Reino': 'idSiguienteReino' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The instance method name 'MostrarInfo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:62:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:65:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:70:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entradaTeclado' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:72:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nombreReino' is never used (overwritten on line 76)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:73:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'casaDuena' is never used (overwritten on line 78)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:75:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:77:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:80:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Reinotemp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:80:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'Reinotemp' is never used (overwritten on line 82)
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:95:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'IdReino' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'IdReino' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:95:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BuscarReino' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:108:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ReinoBorrar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ReinoBorrar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:112:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:121:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ReinoPadre' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ReinoPadre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:132:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ReinoEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ReinoEditar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:132:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'EditarReino' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:137:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'Eleccion' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:139:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:140:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:140:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:140:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:144:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:145:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c3' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c3
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'CampoaEditar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:146:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'CampoaEditar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:147:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:150:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using literals in if statements
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:158:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ReinoPadre' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ReinoPadre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:158:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'AnadirReinoFronterizo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:161:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:162:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar2' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:163:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoFronterizo' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:164:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoFronterizo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:166:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:170:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:178:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'ReinoPadre' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ReinoPadre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:178:	MethodNamingConventions:	MethodNamingConventions: The static method name 'BorrarFronterizo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:181:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:182:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoABuscar' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:183:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoABuscar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoFronterizo' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:184:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ReinoFronterizo' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:191:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ReinoTemp' could be declared final
src/edu/ucam/aplicacion/Reino.java:212:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:2:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.*'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.BufferedWriter'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.File'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.FileOutputStream'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.FileInputStream'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.IOException'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.OutputStreamWriter'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.Writer'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.BufferedReader'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.FileNotFoundException'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.FileReader'
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:21:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Main
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:21:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: This utility class has a non-private constructor
src/edu/ucam/root/Main.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
